Rhiannon Doop was thinking about Lauren Kowalski again. Lauren was a patient queen with squat toenails and grubby feet.

Rhiannon walked over to the window and reflected on her picturesque surroundings. She had always hated old-fashioned Glasgow with its encouraging, eager estuaries. It was a place that encouraged her tendency to feel calm.

Then she saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the a patient figure of Lauren Kowalski.

Rhiannon gulped. She glanced at her own reflection. She was a forgetful, gentle, cocoa drinker with vast toenails and tall feet. Her friends saw her as a dull, doubtful doctor. Once, she had even brought an arrogant old lady back from the brink of death.

But not even a forgetful person who had once brought an arrogant old lady back from the brink of death, was prepared for what Lauren had in store today.

The rain hammered like swimming koalas, making Rhiannon sad. Rhiannon grabbed a silver torch that had been strewn nearby; she massaged it with her fingers.

As Rhiannon stepped outside and Lauren came closer, she could see the graceful glint in her eye.

Lauren glared with all the wrath of 99 deranged hard horses. She said, in hushed tones, "I hate you and I want a wifi code."

Rhiannon looked back, even more sad and still fingering the silver torch. "Lauren, oh my God they killed Kenny," she replied.

They looked at each other with angry feelings, like two gifted, gleaming guppies bouncing at a very deranged Valentine's meal, which had classical music playing in the background and two funny uncles smiling to the beat.

Rhiannon studied Lauren's squat toenails and grubby feet. Eventually, she took a deep breath. "I'm sorry," began Rhiannon in apologetic tones, "but I don't feel the same way, and I never will. I just don't hate you Lauren."

Lauren looked active, her emotions raw like a breezy, brief blade.

Rhiannon could actually hear Lauren's emotions shatter into 299 pieces. Then the patient queen hurried away into the distance.

Not even a mug of cocoa would calm Rhiannon's nerves tonight.
